en: Update doc for aurora migration (#377)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/migrate-from-mysql-aurora.md

### Aurora

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication. See [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls) for the configuration instruction.

If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in [step 3](#step-3-configure-the-data-source).

> **Note:**
>
> + GTID-based data migration requires MySQL 5.7 (Aurora 2.04) version or later.
> + In addition to the Aurora-specific configuration above, the upstream database must meet other requirements for migrating from MySQL, such as table schemas, character sets, and privileges. See [Checking Items](precheck.md#checking-items) for details.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

### DM nodes deployment 

> As the hub of data migration, DM needs to connect to the upstream Aurora cluster and the downstream TiDB cluster. Therefore, you need to use the MySQL client to check whether the nodes in which DM is to be deployed can connect to the upstream and downstream. In addition, for software and hardware requirements ,and the node number for DM deployments, see [DM Cluster Software and Hardware Recommendations](hardware-and-software-requirements.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the hub of data migration, DM needs to connect to the upstream Aurora cluster and the downstream TiDB cluster. Therefore, you need to use the MySQL client to check whether the nodes in which DM is to be deployed can connect to the upstream and downstream. In addition, for details of DM requirements on hardware, software, and the node number, see [DM Cluster Software and Hardware Recommendations](hardware-and-software-requirements.md).
```

### Aurora

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication. See [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls) for the configuration instruction.

> If Aurora enables GTID, then you can migrate data based on it. For the method to enable GTID, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set the `enable-gtid` in the data source configuration file of step 3 to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GTID is enabled in Aurora, you can migrate data based on GTID. For how to enable it, see [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora). To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set `enable-gtid` to `true` in the configuration file of data source in [step 3](#step-3-configure-the-data-source).
```

> **Note:**
>

> > GTID-based data migration requires MySQL 5.7 (Aurora 2.04) version or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + GTID-based data migration requires MySQL 5.7 (Aurora 2.04) version or later.
> + In addition to the Aurora-specific configuration above, the upstream database must meet other requirements for migrating from MySQL, such as table schemas, character sets, and privileges. See [Checking Items](precheck.md#checking-items) for details.
```

> > **Note:**
> >
> > In addition to the Aurora-specific configuration above, the upstream database must meet other requirements for migrating from MySQL, such as table schemas, character sets and privileges. See [Checking Items](precheck.md#checking-items).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```yaml
# Aurora-1
source-id: "aurora-replica-01"

> # To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set this items to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set this item to true.
```

Start the task using `dmctl` through TiUP.

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, when using `dmctl` through TiUP, you need to use the absolute path of `task.yaml`. TiUP properly supports relative paths in subsequent updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, when using `dmctl` in TiUP, you need to use the absolute path of `task.yaml`. TiUP will support the relative path in later versions.
```

}
```

> If `source db replication privilege checker` and `source db dump privilege checker` errors are in the returned information, check whether unrecognized privileges exits in the `errorMsg` field. For example: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `source db replication privilege checker` and `source db dump privilege checker` errors are in the returned information, check whether unrecognized privileges exsit in the `errorMsg` field. For example: 
```

}
```

If `source db replication privilege checker` and `source db dump privilege checker` errors are in the returned information, check whether unrecognized privileges exits in the `errorMsg` field. For example: 

```
line 1 column 287 near \"INVOKE LAMBDA ON *.* TO...
```

> The returned information above shows that the `INVOKE LAMBDA` privilege causes an error. If the privilege is unique to Aurora, add the following content into the configuration file to skip the check. DM improves the automatic processing of Aurora privileges in version updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The returned information above shows that the `INVOKE LAMBDA` privilege causes an error. If the privilege is Aurora-specific, add the following content to the configuration file to skip the check. DM will improve the automatic handling of Aurora privileges in later versions.
```
